src/content/work/data-platform.md, before:

---
title: Data Platform
publishDate: 2019-10-02 00:00:00
img: /assets/data-platform.svg
img_alt: Soft pink and baby blue water ripples together in a subtle texture.
description: |
  We developed brand positioning and design assets for the launch
  of a new colored water product.
tags:
  - Design
  - Branding
---

Our Managed-Data Platform service provides organizations with a scalable, secure, and high-performance platform for centralizing, integrating, and analyzing business data. We design and implement modern data warehouse solutions tailored to your business needs, enabling advanced analytics, reporting, and data-driven decision-making.

**The advantages for the platform**

QuickBooks is excellent at what it does — it’s your system of record for accounting. It gives you standardized financial reports that are reliable, compliant, and easy for finance teams to use. But QuickBooks wasn’t designed to answer broader business questions like customer behavior, operational performance, or revenue analytics across multiple systems.

That’s where Metabase and an on-prem data warehouse come in.

Metabase gives your entire organization self-service access to insights. Instead of waiting for exports and spreadsheets, teams can open a dashboard, drill into data, explore trends, and receive automated alerts. It’s modern analytics designed for decision-making, not bookkeeping.

The data warehouse is the engine behind all of this — it unifies QuickBooks with CRM, HR, inventory, and operational systems. You get long-term data retention, governance, and the ability to run advanced analytics without slowing down QuickBooks. It becomes your single, governed source of truth.

Together, QuickBooks + DW + Metabase give you the best of both worlds: accurate accounting data with enterprise-grade analytics that drive strategy, efficiency, and smarter decisions.

**Statement of Work**

- Collaborate with stakeholders to define business objectives, data sources, and integration needs.
- Develop a data warehouse architecture that supports scalability, security, and performance.
- Build and configure the data warehouse, including ETL/ELT pipelines, data modeling, and integration with existing systems.
- Ensure data accuracy, system reliability, and performance through comprehensive testing.
- Deploy the solution and provide training/documentation for end users and administrators.

Commit message:

fix: renamed service files to match the service name

src/content/work/data-platform.md, after:

---
title: Data Platform
publishDate: 2019-10-02 00:00:00
img: /assets/data-platform.svg
img_alt: Soft pink and baby blue water ripples together in a subtle texture.
description: |
  Build a scalable data warehouse that centralizes business data from multiple sources, enabling self-service analytics and data-driven decision-making across your organization.
tags:
  - Data Warehousing
  - Analytics
  - Business Intelligence
---

Our Managed-Data Platform service provides organizations with a scalable, secure, and high-performance platform for centralizing, integrating, and analyzing business data. We design and implement modern data warehouse solutions tailored to your business needs, enabling advanced analytics, reporting, and data-driven decision-making.

**The advantages for the platform:**

QuickBooks is excellent at what it does — it’s your system of record for accounting. It gives you standardized financial reports that are reliable, compliant, and easy for finance teams to use. But QuickBooks wasn’t designed to answer broader business questions like customer behavior, operational performance, or revenue analytics across multiple systems.

That’s where Metabase and an on-prem data warehouse come in.

Metabase gives your entire organization self-service access to insights. Instead of waiting for exports and spreadsheets, teams can open a dashboard, drill into data, explore trends, and receive automated alerts. It’s modern analytics designed for decision-making, not bookkeeping.

The data warehouse is the engine behind all of this — it unifies QuickBooks with CRM, HR, inventory, and operational systems. You get long-term data retention, governance, and the ability to run advanced analytics without slowing down QuickBooks. It becomes your single, governed source of truth.

Together, QuickBooks + DW + Metabase give you the best of both worlds: accurate accounting data with enterprise-grade analytics that drive strategy, efficiency, and smarter decisions.

**Statement of Work:**

- Collaborate with stakeholders to define business objectives, data sources, and integration needs.
- Develop a data warehouse architecture that supports scalability, security, and performance.
- Build and configure the data warehouse, including ETL/ELT pipelines, data modeling, and integration with existing systems.
- Ensure data accuracy, system reliability, and performance through comprehensive testing.
- Deploy the solution and provide training/documentation for end users and administrators.
